# cs425-final
Steam Storefront Game Sale Predictor


This project will be using the dataset from https://data.mendeley.com/datasets/ycy3sy3vj2/1 in order to analyze patterns in Steam Store data to try and predict certain features, such as predicting when a game might go on sale.
The raw dataset is included in this repo under /data, /data/PlayerCountHistoryPart1, /data/PlayerCountHistoryPart2, and /data/PriceHistory.
The /data/NormalizedPlayerCountHistory files are generated by one of our notebook.ipynb cells.

## Data
We have 3 real features so far in `merged_info.csv`
* release date
* developer
* publisher

We have some features not in `merged_info.csv`
* Genre
* Tags
* Number of Times on Sale (In a dataframe it seems but not the csv)
* Player Count Per Day (Normalized CSVs)
* Price History Per Day (Non-normalized currently)

## Processing The Data

## Example Layout
One way to create different examples is to have each day of the year be an example, the days would be split at a certain point in the year with some used for training and some used for testing. 

One current issue is that the way we are making predictions now is taking a day, its player count, and initial price and predicting the discount. This issue is that when making this prediction on games we want to predict discount rates on in the future, we would need to have the player count for that day, something that is not possible for us to know.

I think what we would want our model to do is to see the player count up to the current/most recent date and then use that to predict discount prices for days that do not have a player count attached to them. We could have only our training data include player counts and testing data would not include them. Will have to see how this affects accuracy.

## Choosing a Model
Schuman has all classifiers on Canvas that we can run our data through to see if any perform better than others
